A table schema with tables like employee, department, employee_to_projects, projects

1) Select employee from departments where max salary of the department is 40k
2) Select employee assigned to projects
3) Select employee which have the max salary in a given department
4) Select employee with second highest salary
5) Table has two data entries every day for # of apples and oranges sold. write a query to get the difference between the apples… 
 


Create DDL (table and foreign keys) for several tables in a provided ERD. ERD contains at least one many to many relationship.  
2 Answers
Recursively parse a string for a pattern that can be either 1 or 2 characters long.  
Answer Question
Perform a merge-sort with SQL only.  
1 Answer
Given full authority to "make it work", import a large data set with duplicates into a warehouse while meeting the requirements of a business intelligence designer for query speed.  
Answer Question
Query a many to many relationship while not violating the grain of a fact table.  

1) Given a number and a array.


2) sql question mostly on case when, joins
ex: Q3: delete all dupliactes from a table in one query


1. Percentage increase in revenue compared to promoted and non-promoted products.
2. Products classes that has the highest transactions
3. Count of Customers who bought 2 items type (A,B)
4. Don't remember

Python:
1. Average length of letters to words.
2. Parse an ip address (This is a favourite FB question)
3. [[A],[A,B],[A,C],[B,D],[C,A]] -- Find the alphabet with highest neighbors? -- (Wasnt able to solve because of time limit but the interviewer was like I get what I want to convey.. I gave her an algo of what I would I have done)  



SQL: The names of salespeople that have 2 or more orders. When was the earliest and latest order made ? cumulative sum
, Facebook Friends Tree,  


Flatten a nested dictionary?? ( this was the hardest question in coder pad questions ) 






. Get the states with more the than 100000 population
2. Count the number of products which sold more than 10 units
3. Get youngest customer who bought atleast 1 product
4. Get the areas from which we have the products sold

Python
1. Count the number of unique words in a sequence?
2. Print the part of the array of numbers
3. Check the substring in the string
4. Question on exceptions  
